chore(cli): remove serve.json file from customize (#29571)
expo/expo: docs/pages/archive/customizing-webpack.mdx

## Editing static files

> You can also use `npx expo customize` to generate the static project files: **index.html**, and so on. These can be used to customize your project more familiarly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `npx expo customize` to generate static project files such as **index.html** and so on. These can be used to customize your project more familiarly.
```
